Even though my father
hadn't called me on my
last three birthdays,
This time,
I was hopeful,
So I waited
until midnight
And when
he didn't call,
I was completely...
- Devastated.
- Yes!
Damn it!
- What's going on?
- I just made 20 bucks.
I had "devastated"
in the patrick pool.
I was sure
he'd say "aghast."
When it's family members
or bad chardonnay,
He always goes with
"aghast."
Everything
in patrick's life
either makes him feel
Devastated, aghast,
or speechless.
I cannot believe this.
I am speech--
I hate you people.
Well, I have to say
that I am disappointed.
Whoo!
- Disappointed.
- Whoo!
Okay, okay. I think I see
what's going on here.
Lately, you're either
"disappointed"
Or "extremely
disappointed."
That's because you're
supposed to be sharing,
not attacking each other.
Lacey, you of all people
should understand
patrick's pain.
You have
a distant father also.
Probably some
nomadic arab,
Spends all his time
in the desert looking
for the goat
That's gonna be
his next wife.
I told you a thousand times,
old man.
He was born in india.
Get a globe,
you bloated hillbilly.
Lacey, that's enough.
Listen to yourselves.
You've been doing nothing
but sniping at each other.
Is so you can help each other
resolve your anger issues,
Not-- not bet on
what patrick will say
Or-- or laugh when nolan
gets lost in his hoodie.
Yeah, it's not funny.
Once your head's
in the sleeve,
panic sets in.
I'm sorry.
It was funny for
the first couple minutes.
Then it was sad.
Then it was really,
really funny again.
You might wanna
take a lesson
From the "taj ma-whore"
over there.
She doesn't have any trouble
getting outta her clothes.
Patrick:
She is not a slut, ed.
Her clothes fall off her body
because they're cheap
and poorly made.
Shut up!
Oh, what's
the matter, lacey?
- Are you devastated?
- Okay, okay, stop it!
Stop it!
What is wrong
with you people?
You know what?
Don't answer that.
Nobody talk.
We are all...
Gonna close our eyes
and sit here for a minute
And reflect
on what just happened.
( both sigh )
Hey, charlie.
Aren't you supposed
to be in group?
Yeah, but
they're pissing me off.
I'm really disappointed.
Nolan:
Whoo-hoo!
Meditate!
You guys back from
horseback riding already?
We never went.
We found out they
retired butterscotch.
Oh, no.
( quietly )
who's butterscotch?
My favorite horse
of all time.
They shipped him off
to an "equine therapy ranch"
In san bernardino,
but I think we all know
what that means.
They didn't
kill the horse, mom.
Equine therapy
is a real thing.
People go
to take care of a horse
So they can relax
and de-stress.
That's right, honey.
Of course,
it's a real thing.
Butterscotch
is alive and well
And helping people
not be crazy by being alive.
Dad, will you
please tell her?
Let me see
if I can help.
It's true, jen.
Equine therapy
is a real thing.
And so are crazy people.
No crap?
Well, that's cool.
Hey, the horse is alive.
Uh-uh.
What?
It just sounded fake.
Well, it's not.
It's a highly
respected method
Of helping people
with anxiety, add,
social disorders.
Basically everyone
in the other room.
You think
they're open next week?
Maybe I can take the group.
Hey, you could
take me and sam.
- She could
see butterscotch.
- Well, I guess.
I mean, she'd be
hanging with the group,
if you're okay with that.
Sure. I'm always saying
sam doesn't have enough
Angry, psychotic
role models.
Don't beat
yourself up, jen.
There's only so much
one woman can do.
I'm gonna go tell
the group about the trip.
They're meditating.
You know what?
I'll tell 'em later.
They're gone,
aren't they?
Everyone except ed.
He's asleep.
Someone drew what
I can only hope
Is a rocket ship
going into his mouth.
( theme music playing )
Horse therapy.
So you really think
that's going to help
your group bond?
Haven't you seen
"seabiscuit"?
That horse
healed a nation and...
Fought the germans,
or something.
- That doesn't sound right.
- Fine, I didn't see it,
But I can tell from the poster
that whatever he did
Was pretty impressive.
Charlie, therapy groups
are like rock bands.
Eventually they get sick
of each other, it becomes toxic,
Somebody has to leave,
usually the bass player.
I was the best thing
in that band.
Yeah, well, my gut tells me
they still have something
to offer each other.
Charlie, you only think
with two things,
Your gut and your gut's
downstairs neighbor.
And they both
make dumb decisions.
It's time to start
using your brain.
You know what?
I can't be in
a nonemotional,
No-commitment relationship
with you if you don't
respect me.
Aw, come on, charlie.
I thought you were happy
with our dynamic.
You're reaching
and I'm settling.
Cute.
But even freud said
that there's meaning
behind every joke...
Except for the one
about the restaurant
on the moon.
The restaurant
on the moon?
Yeah, it's got
no atmosphere.
That's just funny.
Actually, it's a commentary
on societal norms
And the expectations
of the nouveau riche.
Okay, I don't think
you get it.
The place
has got no air.
God, you are the most
condescending person
I've ever met.
I don't think you mean
"condescending."
I think you mean
"patronizing."
Don't tell me what I mean.
I'll tell you what I mean.
Then tell me
what you mean.
It's got no air!
Everybody,
this is butterface.
It's butterscotch, sir.
( scoffs )
of course it is.
Look at him,
his face is beautiful.
And this is jimmy.
He'll teach you
how to groom and feed
butterscotch.
But no riding.
That's our policy.
Despite what
every single picture
in the brochure suggests.
Would you like
to pet him, miss?
I don't pet animals.
They get too excited.
Well, he's not
excited now.
He's feeling
scared and tired.
How in the hell
would you know that?
Well, I've had a mystical
connection with horses
Ever since I was 10
when one kicked me
in the head.
Well, there's one tiny
piece of the puzzle.
Anyway, as a group
you'll be responsible
for his daily care.
Grooming, feeding,
exercising,
Cleaning out his stall.
Nolan can't
do that for himself.
How in the hell is he
gonna do it for a horse?
All right, all right.
Everybody needs to chill
around the horse.
He's a little stressed
since they moved him here
And they haven't
gotten him to eat yet.
If I weighed 1,200 pounds,
I wouldn't eat either.
Oh, you'd eat.
But you'd so be jamming
your hoof down your throat.
So let's divvy up
the chores.
- Who wants to do what?
- Ooh, can I do nothing?
The bonding experience
only works if everyone
participates.
Can't we just bond
as a group separately?
I get along with people
so much better
When I'm not around them.
That kind of sarcasm may work
in the big city, patrick,
But you're out here
in cowboy country now.
35 minutes east
of the big city,
Depending on traffic.
Now who wants
to try to get
butterscotch to eat?
I brought a bag of something
that always makes me hungry.
We want him to eat,
not sit around and
watch cartoons.
Hey, ed, why don't you
handle the grooming?
All right.
Now don't let
this thing throw you.
It's for something
younger people call hair.
Patrick, that's
the kind of behavior
That we're
trying to change.
So, since you
can dish it out,
Let's see if you
can scoop it up.
( laughs )
Looks like somebody
picked the wrong day
To wear suede loafers
with no socks.
- That's not helpful, nolan.
- Oh, butterscotch said it.
I just repeated it.
Good one.
( gasps )
oh, my gosh!
Butterscotch, hi!
I missed you so much!
Hey.
- 'sup?
- Nothin'.
Cool.
- 'sup?
- Mom!
What?
Hey. Did you see what
was going on back there?
Yeah, I saw
and I'm worried.
Me, too.
But he is gorgeous.
Yeah, I guess.
He does have those
big, beautiful eyes.
Makes you want to
take care of him.
I'm worried he's gonna
try and have sex with sam.
Butterscotch?
The stable boy!
What the hell's
wrong with you?
Aren't you worried she's
gonna hook up with jimmy?
Well, now that
I've considered
this other thing,
That doesn't seem so bad.
She can't take her eyes
off that boy.
It's all in your head,
mrs. Robinson.
Just because you wanna
gallop bareback on
the stable boy
Doesn't mean sam does.
"gallop bareback"?
I'm old enough
to be his milf.
Uh, technically you're
not somebody's milf.
You're a milf.
Oh, thank you.
People think you're
old and tired
And no use to anybody,
don't they?
Sounds like you two
have a lot in common.
No, he reminds me
of my wife.
Except people
still wanna ride you,
don't they, buddy?
Could you move, please?
I wanna do his bangs.
Okay, almost perfect.
Now you just gotta shake it out
like you just don't care.
I'm only feeding him
a couple extra bags of carrots.
I don't see
what the problem is.
The problem is I have
to clean up after him.
There is orange poop
everywhere.
You have turned
this poor animal
Into a play-doh
fun factory.
Shut up, you're
upsetting the horse.
You shut up.
You're the one
yelling in his ear
And trying to turn him
into a five-dollar,
four-legged whore.
Hey, the horse says
to stop yelling at her.
And he also thinks
she looks really hot.
And it wouldn't kill her
to wear a miniskirt tomorrow.
Stop acting like this horse
is talking to you
inside your head.
Oh, my god, lacey, what
have you done to his mane?
Somebody get me
a flat iron!
I'm not gonna stand here
and listen to you people
Treat this horse like
some kind of an animal.
Where you going, ed?
- What happened here?
- I'll tell you what
happened here.
The last time I was around
people I hated this much,
I was around these people.
( manure plops )
Okay, the fun factory's
open again
And I am not playing.
It's okay, nolan.
You don't have to stay.
Oh, thank god.
The horse has asked me to do
some really weird things.
( sighs )
Well, butterscotch,
maybe I was wrong
About keeping
the group together.
( lower )
yes, you were,
you big jackass.
Nice language,
butterscotch.
What, were you
raised in a barn?
( lower )
that wasn't funny
when my mom said it.
( lower )
might've been funnier
if he was raised
In a restaurant
on the moon.
What are you doing
all the way out here?
It was 20 minutes,
no traffic.
Why don't you just
tell the truth?
You came to apologize.
No, I came here because
I like to ride horses
And I like the smell
of hay, not to apologize.
Apology accepted.
Thank you.
( sighs )
and I'm sorry your
group bonding experiment
Isn't going well.
That was the horse's
opinion, not mine.
But at least lacey
put some glitter on the horse
And turned it into
a better-than-average
looking stripper.
Look...
I know how bad
you must feel.
I look into your eyes
And I can see
how you're hurting
And I feel
terrible for you.
Guh.
What?
I was being sincere.
I know
and it was awful.
I liked it much better
when you were being
condescending.
I'm gonna make 'em
stick it out one more day
and try to make this work.
- You know why?
- Nonrefundable deposit.
- A little.
- ( chuckles )
But mostly because
I believe in them.
Oh, you're an idiot.
And she's back.
See you in a minute.
Oh, and, uh,
when you do,
Maybe it would be
really hot if we went
for a horseback ride.
Oh, no.
They don't allow you
to ride the horses out here.
You know, I had
my first orgasm
riding a horse.
He does seem
like he could use
a little exercise.
Can I see all the members
of butterscotch's group,
please?
( sighs )
Look, I know
you guys aren't loving
this whole horse thing.
That's not true.
We love butterscotch.
We just can't stand
each other.
And this wagon wheel
nightmare that is a hotel.
Fine, that's
your prerogative.
You can give up
on the group,
But you cannot ditch
your responsibilities
to that horse.
I don't care how you do it,
but that horse will be
taken care of
Until we leave
on Sunday.
Fine, I'll feed him.
Butterscotch reminds me
of my old army buddy, hank.
Hank also ate an apple
out of my hand.
'course, he'd just had
both his arms blown off...
So it's
a little different.
Well, you know
what they say.
"an apple a day..."
All right.
I can make
a quick schedule
Where we all have
visitation rights
And none of us
have to see each other.
Ed, you can take butterscotch
in the mornings.
Nolan can take him
in the afternoons.
I can take him
for dinner.
And lacey can put him
to bed at night.
Great. You know
he hates to go to sleep
So I have to be the
disciplinarian
And you get to be
the fun one.
You're just jealous
because the horse and I
have a rapport.
Oh, like you're
his favorite?
He's ashamed of you.
Hey, did you know before
this was a horse ranch,
It was just land
that had no horses on it?
That's amazing.
So, who are you texting?
I don't know.
You know, we really
don't get to
Talk like this at home.
You really have to get away
for this kind of bonding.
( claps )
so, that stable
boy, jimmy...
- He's pretty cute, huh?
- I don't know.
Mm-hmm.
Look, I may be
worried over nothing,
But you just don't
want to get caught up
In the excitement
of being away from home
for the weekend
And do something
you'll regret.
Mom, I'm not
going to have sex.
I still have those condoms
you gave me when I was 13
And you thought
I was going to be
a more popular teenager.
Well, if you ever do
wanna talk about it,
I'm here.
We have talks about sex
all the time.
I wish you'd get a boyfriend
so we could talk about
something else.
Me, too.
So, how was that
for you?
You still need me
for anything?
Would you be offended
if I called you butterscotch?
I was kind of hoping
you'd be done
Because what riding
does for women
Does the opposite
for men.
- You're kidding.
- A lot of bouncing
on things
That don't need
to be bounced on.
Oh, well, I've got
bad news, pardner.
You got lots more
bouncing to do.
( moaning )
Hard to believe,
but this is going to be
My first actual
roll in the hay.
It's also your first
stable relationship.
( whinnies )
Hey, butterscotch
liked it.
( butterscotch whinnies )
( thuds )
Oh, my god.
I think your joke
just killed the horse.
He's just sleeping,
You know, with
his tongue hanging out
And foam coming out
of his mouth.
I've been that tired.
Charlie,
the only thing missing
Are the cartoon xs
over his eyes.
Oh, this is--
this is so bad.
We just killed my daughter's
favorite horse.
What am I gonna do?
I say you put an empty
bottle of pills in its hoof
And we get
the hell out of here.
Where's sam?
I got to talk to her.
She went to say
good night to butterscotch.
- Oh, crap.
- What's wrong?
Well, here's the thing
about butterscotch.
He's not doing
all that well.
How can you tell?
Because he's dead.
Yeah, I was
with him earlier,
Just petting him,
and all of a sudden,
he just died.
You're lying.
I always know
when you're lying.
- You have a tell.
- Oh, really?
- What's my tell?
- You've lied to me
for 20 years.
That's your tell.
Did your group do it?
Oh, god.
I got to deal
with that, too.
No, no, it was me.
I took him out
for a ride and when
he got back, he just...
Keeled over.
Damn it, charlie.
Sam is so attached
to that horse.
This is gonna
devastate her.
She's never had
to deal with death before.
I know, I was kind of hoping
my dad would die first
So she'd be ready
for something like this.
- Hey.
- Hey, sam.
- You doing okay, sweetie?
- I'm good.
I just saw
butterscotch.
I am
so sorry, sam.
About him retiring?
It's okay.
I just walked him
down to the lake
And we laid
on the grass
And looked up
at the stars
And he seemed
really happy.
I'm gonna go
get ready for bed.
You were just
with butterscotch?
Yeah.
And he walked
to the lake?
Yeah.
He's so beautiful
And sweet.
It's the best weekend
of my life.
Stable boy.
Hey, guys.
I got your call.
I think it's great
that you all came together
to honor butterscotch.
Why do bad things
happen to good horses?
Who knows?
Maybe it was old age.
Maybe he ate something.
All we know for sure
is it was nobody's fault.
Good-bye,
butterscotch.
You were the glue
that held us together.
Bad words.
Sorry.
I'm starting to forget
what he looks like already.
He was big and proud.
- Oh, right.
- ( sobs )
Wow.
Your group really
pulled together for this.
So what you're saying is
My instincts to keep
the group together were right
And your giant,
overeducated brain
was wrong.
Possibly.
Thank you.
I'm really glad
you came up here.
You are?
Yeah, I could use
a ride home.
Jen got thrown off
the property for roughing
up a stable boy.
So, you wanna go
kill another horse?
It's broad daylight.
The best I can offer
is a piggyback ride
back to my room.
( chuckles )
giddyup.